Hey, Ziyue, you're here
What happened to the thing I asked you to inquire about?
I heard that Du Chen is a stubborn trash
Is it true?
He is not as weak as rumored
And the tone of voice
Even I dare not speak out loud
But
He did sign a lot of new female live streaming hosts recently
I think he just wants to soak up those female live streaming hosts
Ziyu, why don't you resign and come to our Lin family?
You look so good.
He will definitely hit you
Don't worry.
I'll take care of myself.
Ziyu
If he bullies you, you must tell me.
My Miss Lin
You'd better take care of yourself first
You'll be looking for him again in two days, huh?
When is the time?
I had to divorce him.
Mr. Du, why are you here?
I'm not here.
How?
What is my most trusted employee doing behind my back?
Mr. Du, you misunderstood
Speak ill of me and be punished
Huh what are you doing
I'm not your woman
And there's a bet between us
Did you really think you could win me over?